HLRC: Get Deprecation Info API (#36279)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/java-rest/high-level/migration/get-deprecation-info.asciidoc

--
:api: get-deprecation-info
:request: DeprecationInfoRequest
:response: DeprecationInfoResponse
--

[id="{upid}-{api}"]
=== Get Deprecation Info

[id="{upid}-{api}-request"]
==== Get Deprecation Info Request

A +{request}+ can be applied to one or more indices:

["source","java",subs="attributes,callouts,macros"]
--------------------------------------------------
include-tagged::{doc-tests-file}[{api}-request]
--------------------------------------------------
<1> Create a new request instance

include::../execution.asciidoc[]

[id="{upid}-{api}-response"]
==== Get Deprecation Info Response

> The returned +{response}+ contains the cluster, index and node level deprecations.

Reviewer: This is awkward and not very clear, do you think we could reword it to something like:

```suggestion
The returned +{response}+ contains information about deprecated features currently in use at the cluster, node, and index level.
```

Author: woah what is this black magic commit suggestion thing? I kinda want to click it just to have played around with it!
